typescript/packages/well-log-viewer/src/Intro.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from "@storybook/blocks";

import imageWellLogViewer from "./WellLogViewer.png";

<Meta title="WellLogViewer/Overview" />

# WellLogView examples

## Introduction

These stories contain examples of usage of components for visualization of well log data files.
There are two main examples:
[WellLogViewer](?path=/story/welllogviewer-overview--page#welllogviewer-component) wich contains essential parts of typical well log viewer
and [SyncLogViewer](?path=/story/welllogviewer-overview--page#synclogviewer-component) wich contains synchronized views for three different log files.

## WellLogView component

[WellLogView](?path=/docs/welllogviewer-components-welllogview--default) is a basic react component to wrap [ViDEx well log](https://github.com/equinor/videx-wellog) library for drawing well log data.

The component can zoom and pan visible area of tracks by mouse and support selecting of depth interval.

As input data it accept data files in following formats:

#### Well Log Data Format

The JSON Well Log Format is used in WellLogView component for input Well Log data files.

It is a modern well log format created in order to overcome the deficiencies of existing formats.
It is based on the JavaScript Object Notation open standard (RFC 8259).
Full description of the format could be found on the site https://jsonwelllogformat.org .

The file format could be described with a following
[JSON schema](https://github.com/equinor/webviz-subsurface-components/blob/master/react/src/lib/inputSchema/WellLog.json)

#### Template Format

The JSON file describing content of well log view: what tracks should be displayed and what curves it should contains.

The file format could be described with a following
[JSON schema](https://github.com/equinor/webviz-subsurface-components/blob/master/react/src/lib/inputSchema/WellLogTemplate.json)

#### Color Table Format

The JSON file used as a supplement to template file and describe color tables for visualizing different type of log curves.

See also [@emerson-eps/color-tables](https://github.com/emerson-eps/color-tables) component.

## WellLogViewer component

[A demo component](?path=/story/welllogviewer-demo-welllogviewer--default) to deal with WellLogView component.
It contains WellLogView component surrounded by auxiliary components:
readout panel, axis selector and zoom slider.

The number and properties of tracks and curves could be interactively edited by corresponding content menus and dialog boxes.

<img src={imageWellLogViewer} />

_WellLogViewer component architecture._

## SyncLogViewer component

[An example](?path=/story/welllogviewer-demo-synclogviewer--default) for three linked WellLogView components.
It demonstrate how different well log views can be synchronized in such complex programs as well correlation applications.

The component architecture is similar to WellLogViewer's one but contains three views for well logs an three readout panels.

Commit message:

feat: Customizable WellLog Viewer Layout (#1363)
- Side panels customization mechanism #1702
- Numerical zoom input field 'ScaleSelector'.  #1239 
- Story to demonstrate custom layout.
- Story for ScaleSelector.

typescript/packages/well-log-viewer/src/Intro.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from "@storybook/blocks";

import imageWellLogViewer from "./WellLogViewer.png";

import imageLayout from "./Layout.png";

<Meta title="WellLogViewer/Overview" />

# WellLogView examples

## Introduction

These stories contain examples of usage of components for visualization of well log data files.
There are two main examples:
[WellLogViewer](#welllogviewer-component) wich contains essential parts of typical well log viewer
and [SyncLogViewer](#synclogviewer-component) wich contains synchronized views for three different log files.

## WellLogView component

[WellLogView](?path=/docs/welllogviewer-components-welllogview--default) is a basic react component to wrap [ViDEx well log](https://github.com/equinor/videx-wellog) library for drawing well log data.

The component can zoom and pan visible area of tracks by mouse and support selecting of depth interval.

As input data it accept data files in following formats:

#### Well Log Data Format

The JSON Well Log Format is used in WellLogView component for input Well Log data files.

It is a modern well log format created in order to overcome the deficiencies of existing formats.
It is based on the JavaScript Object Notation open standard (RFC 8259).
Full description of the format could be found on the site https://jsonwelllogformat.org .

The file format could be described with a following
[JSON schema](https://github.com/equinor/webviz-subsurface-components/blob/master/react/src/lib/inputSchema/WellLog.json)

#### Template Format

The JSON file describing content of well log view: what tracks should be displayed and what curves it should contains.

The file format could be described with a following
[JSON schema](https://github.com/equinor/webviz-subsurface-components/blob/master/react/src/lib/inputSchema/WellLogTemplate.json)

#### Color Table Format

The JSON file used as a supplement to template file and describe color tables for visualizing different type of log curves.

See also [@emerson-eps/color-tables](https://github.com/emerson-eps/color-tables) component.

## WellLogViewer component

[A demo component](?path=/story/welllogviewer-demo-welllogviewer--default) to deal with WellLogView component.
It contains WellLogView component surrounded by auxiliary components:
readout panel, axis selector and zoom slider.

The number and properties of tracks and curves could be interactively edited by corresponding content menus and dialog boxes.

<img src={imageWellLogViewer} />

_WellLogViewer component architecture._

Auxiliary side panels could be places in six different positions. [An example.](?path=/story/welllogviewer-demo-synclogviewer--custom-layout)

<img src={imageLayout} />
_WellLogViewer component layout._

WebLogViewer (and SyncLogViewer) have a prop “layout” which could contain information about desirable side panels and their position.
If the prop is undefined a default panel is generated at the right position.

All panels could obtain useful information about current zoom, visible area, readings and so on in the same way is it done in a default implementation.
(DefaultWellLogViewerLayout.tsx DefaultSyncLogViewerLayout.tsx)
A class CallbackManager allows side panel and its components to obtain various notifications from WellLogView object.

## SyncLogViewer component

[An example](?path=/story/welllogviewer-demo-synclogviewer--default) for three linked WellLogView components.
It demonstrate how different well log views can be synchronized in such complex programs as well correlation applications.

The component architecture is similar to WellLogViewer's one but contains three views for well logs an three readout panels.
